c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\AppWPF.exe.config
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\AppWPF.exe
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\AppWPF.pdb
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.g.resources
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.exe
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.pdb
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\View\DepartmentView.g.cs
c:\users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\View\DepartmentView.baml
C:\Users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\AppWPF.exe.config
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\AppWPF.exe
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\AppWPF.pdb
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\View\DepartmentView.g.cs
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\View\DepartmentView.baml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.exe
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\AppWPF.pdb
C:\Users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
C:\Users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
C:\Users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\programacion\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\NETPROYECTOS\AppWPF\AppWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
